Usage: mit-scheme --OPTION ARG ... --OPTION ARG ...

This machine accepts the following command-line options.  The options
may appear in any order, but they must all appear before any options
for the band.

--library PATH
  Sets the library search path to PATH.  This is a colon-separated
  list of directories that is searched to find various library files,
  such as bands.  If this option is not given, the value of the
  environment variable MITSCHEME_LIBRARY_PATH is used; if that isn't
  defined, "/usr/local/lib/mit-scheme-x86-64" is used.

--band FILENAME
  Specifies the initial band to be loaded.  Searches for FILENAME in
  the working directory and the library directories, returning the
  full pathname of the first readable file of that name.  If this
  option isn't given, the filename is the value of the environment
  variable MITSCHEME_BAND, or if that isn't defined, "all.com"; in
  these cases the library directories are searched, but not the
  working directory.

--fasl FILENAME
  Specifies that a cold load should be performed, using FILENAME as
  the initial file to be loaded.  If this option isn't given, a normal
  load is performed instead.  This option may not be used together
  with the "--band" option.

--heap BLOCKS
  Specifies the size of the heap in 1024-word blocks.  Overrides any
  default.

--constant BLOCKS
  Specifies the size of constant space in 1024-word blocks.  Overrides
  any default.

--stack BLOCKS
  Specifies the size of the stack in 1024-word blocks.  Overrides any
  default.

--option-summary
  Causes Scheme to write option values to standard error.

--help
  Causes Scheme to report the available command line options.

--version
  Causes Scheme to report versions and copyrights, then exit.

--batch-mode, --quiet, --silent
  Suppresses the startup report of versions and copyrights, and the
  valediction.

--emacs
  Specifies that Scheme is running as a subprocess of GNU Emacs.
  This option is automatically supplied by GNU Emacs, and should not
  be given under other circumstances.

--interactive
  If this option isn't specified, and Scheme's standard I/O is not a
  terminal, Scheme will detach itself from its controlling terminal.
  This will prevent it from getting signals sent to the process group
  of that terminal.  If this option is specified, Scheme will not
  detach itself from the controlling terminal.

--nocore
  Specifies that Scheme should not generate a core dump under any
  circumstances.

--prepend-library DIRNAME
  Adds DIRNAME to the front of the library search path.  This option
  takes one value and can be specified once.

Please report bugs to bug-mit-scheme@gnu.org.

Additional options may be supported by the band (and described below).

Copyright (C) 2019 Massachusetts Institute of Technology
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions. There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Image saved on Saturday August 10, 2019 at 6:28:48 PM
  Release 10.1.10   || Microcode 15.3 || Runtime 15.7 || SF 4.41
  LIAR/x86-64 4.118

ADDITIONAL OPTIONS supported by this band:

-- ARG ...
  Appends all ARGs (until the end of the command-line)
  to the list (command-line-arguments).

--args ARG ...
  Appends ARGs (until the next keyword)
  to the list (command-line-arguments).

--edit
  Causes Edwin to start immediately after Scheme.

--eval ARG ...
  Evaluates the argument expressions as if in the REPL.

--load ARG ...
  Loads the argument files as if in the REPL.
  In batch mode, loading messages are suppressed.

--no-init-file
  Inhibits automatic loading of the ~/.scheme.init file.

--no-suspend-file
  Inhibits automatic saving of bands to ~/scheme_suspend.

--suspend-file
  If specified, Scheme saves a band to ~/scheme_suspend on reception
  of some signals.  This is unavailable on some operating systems.
  Under Unix, this is triggered by SIGUSR1 and SIGPWR, and also, if
  Scheme is not running under Emacs, SIGHUP.

..#]^@^@^@ NO CARRIER
